Add app locale settings (#183)
spencerccf/app_settings: CHANGELOG.md

### Android
Each option will open and display the corresponding screen: WIFI, Location, or Security, etc.

> ## 4.4.0
> Add `AppSettingsType.appLocale` to open the app language settings (only available on Android 13 and higher).
> 
> ## 4.3.0

Author: ```suggestion
## 5.1.0
Add `AppSettingsType.appLocale` to open the app language settings (only available on Android 13 and higher).

## 5.0.0
```
